docs/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/objects/supplier.mdx, before:

---
id: supplier
title: Supplier
---

The parent-most entity of the Supplier Domain

```graphql
type Supplier {
  createdAt: String!
  defaultCurrency: ResonanceCurrency!
  defaultLocale: ResonanceLocale!
  description: String
  name: String!
  ownerUserName: String!
  purchaseOrderNotification: PurchaseOrderNotification!
  status: SupplierStatus!
  supplierId: ID!
  supplierIdentities(
    after: String
    before: String
    first: Int = 0
    identityType: SupplierIdentityType
    last: Int = 0
  ): SupplierIdentityConnection!
  supplierIdentity(userName: ID!): SupplierIdentity
  supplierVariant(supplierVariantId: ID!): SupplierVariant
  supplierVariants(
    after: String
    before: String
    first: Int = 0
    last: Int = 0
  ): SupplierVariantConnection!
  updatedAt: String!
}
```

### Fields

#### `createdAt` ([`String!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `defaultCurrency` ([`ResonanceCurrency!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/enums/resonance-currency))

#### `defaultLocale` ([`ResonanceLocale!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/enums/resonance-locale))

#### `description` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `name` ([`String!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `ownerUserName` ([`String!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `purchaseOrderNotification` ([`PurchaseOrderNotification!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/objects/purchase-order-notification))

#### `status` ([`SupplierStatus!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/enums/supplier-status))

#### `supplierId` ([`ID!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

#### `supplierIdentities` ([`SupplierIdentityConnection!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/objects/supplier-identity-connection))

Provided through SupplierIdentity Chained Resolver
Returns SupplierIdentities for the given Supplier

Requires supplieridentity/read permission on the requesting user

- ##### `after` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.

- ##### `before` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.

- ##### `first` ([`Int`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/int))

Returns the first n elements from the list.

- ##### `identityType` ([`SupplierIdentityType`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/enums/supplier-identity-type))

Filter the results to a specific identity type (optional)

- ##### `last` ([`Int`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/int))

Returns the last n elements from the list.

#### `supplierIdentity` ([`SupplierIdentity`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/objects/supplier-identity))

Provided through SupplierIdentity Chained Resolver
Returns a single SupplierIdentity for the given Supplier

Requires supplieridentity/read permission on the requesting user

- ##### `userName` ([`ID!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

#### `supplierVariant` ([`SupplierVariant`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/objects/supplier-variant))

Get a single supplierVariant by SupplierVariantId

Requires suppliervariant/read permission on the requesting user

- ##### `supplierVariantId` ([`ID!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

#### `supplierVariants` ([`SupplierVariantConnection!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/objects/supplier-variant-connection))

Get a list of supplierVariants

Requires suppliervariant/read permission on the supplier for the requesting user

- ##### `after` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.

- ##### `before` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.

- ##### `first` ([`Int`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/int))

Returns the first n elements from the list.

- ##### `last` ([`Int`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/int))

Returns the last n elements from the list.

#### `updatedAt` ([`String!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

Commit message:

Updated Supply API with new shapes

docs/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/objects/supplier.mdx, after:

---
id: supplier
title: Supplier
---

The parent-most entity of the Supplier Domain

```graphql
type Supplier {
  createdAt: String!
  defaultCurrency: ResonanceCurrency!
  defaultLocaleType: ResonanceLocaleType!
  description: String
  name: String!
  ownerUserName: String!
  purchaseOrderNotification: PurchaseOrderNotification!
  status: SupplierStatus!
  supplierId: ID!
  supplierIdentities(
    after: String
    before: String
    first: Int = 0
    identityType: SupplierIdentityType
    last: Int = 0
  ): SupplierIdentityConnection!
  supplierIdentity(userName: ID!): SupplierIdentity
  supplierVariant(supplierVariantId: ID!): SupplierVariant
  supplierVariants(
    after: String
    before: String
    first: Int = 0
    last: Int = 0
  ): SupplierVariantConnection!
  updatedAt: String!
  updatedBy: ID!
}
```

### Fields

#### `createdAt` ([`String!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `defaultCurrency` ([`ResonanceCurrency!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/enums/resonance-currency))

#### `defaultLocaleType` ([`ResonanceLocaleType!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/enums/resonance-locale-type))

#### `description` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `name` ([`String!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `ownerUserName` ([`String!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `purchaseOrderNotification` ([`PurchaseOrderNotification!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/objects/purchase-order-notification))

#### `status` ([`SupplierStatus!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/enums/supplier-status))

#### `supplierId` ([`ID!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

#### `supplierIdentities` ([`SupplierIdentityConnection!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/objects/supplier-identity-connection))

Provided through SupplierIdentity Chained Resolver
Returns SupplierIdentities for the given Supplier

Requires supplieridentity/read permission on the requesting identity

- ##### `after` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.

- ##### `before` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.

- ##### `first` ([`Int`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/int))

Returns the first n elements from the list.

- ##### `identityType` ([`SupplierIdentityType`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/enums/supplier-identity-type))

Filter the results to a specific identity type (optional)

- ##### `last` ([`Int`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/int))

Returns the last n elements from the list.

#### `supplierIdentity` ([`SupplierIdentity`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/objects/supplier-identity))

Provided through SupplierIdentity Chained Resolver
Returns a single SupplierIdentity for the given Supplier

Requires supplieridentity/read permission on the requesting identity

- ##### `userName` ([`ID!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

#### `supplierVariant` ([`SupplierVariant`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/objects/supplier-variant))

Get a single supplierVariant by SupplierVariantId

Requires suppliervariant/read permission on the requesting identity

- ##### `supplierVariantId` ([`ID!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

#### `supplierVariants` ([`SupplierVariantConnection!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/objects/supplier-variant-connection))

Get a list of supplierVariants
Default sort is by updatedAt (first for asc, last for desc).

Requires suppliervariant/read permission on the supplier for the requesting identity

- ##### `after` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

Returns the elements in the list that come after the specified cursor.

- ##### `before` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

Returns the elements in the list that come before the specified cursor.

- ##### `first` ([`Int`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/int))

Returns the first n elements from the list.

- ##### `last` ([`Int`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/int))

Returns the last n elements from the list.

#### `updatedAt` ([`String!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `updatedBy` ([`ID!`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))
