docs/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/inputs/supplier-product-content-item-update-input.mdx, before:

---
id: supplier-product-content-item-update-input
title: SupplierProductContentItemUpdateInput
---

Input object for updating an existing SupplierProductContentItem

```graphql
type SupplierProductContentItemUpdateInput {
  alt: String
  category: String
  contentItemId: ID!
  position: Float
  supplierProductId: ID!
}
```

### Fields

#### `alt` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `category` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `contentItemId` ([`ID`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

#### `position` ([`Float`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/float))

Used to determine what order the content comes out in.
You can place any number here, including non-integers and negatives, and it does not have to be unique or sequential.

#### `supplierProductId` ([`ID`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

Commit message:

Updated everything, including API schemas

docs/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/inputs/supplier-product-content-item-update-input.mdx, after:

---
id: supplier-product-content-item-update-input
title: SupplierProductContentItemUpdateInput
---


Input object for updating an existing SupplierProductContentItem


```graphql
type SupplierProductContentItemUpdateInput {
  alt: String
  category: String
  contentItemId: ID!
  position: Int
  supplierProductId: ID!
}
```


### Fields

#### `alt` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))




#### `category` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))




#### `contentItemId` ([`ID`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))




#### `position` ([`Int`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/int))

Used to determine what order the content comes out in.
Positive Integers are allowed, up to 9,999,999,999, and it does not have to be unique or sequential.


#### `supplierProductId` ([`ID`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))
