docs/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/inputs/supplier-product-image-from-file-input.mdx, before:

---
id: supplier-product-image-from-file-input
title: SupplierProductImageFromFileInput
---

Input object for creating an Image SupplierProductContentItem from a File on a device

```graphql
type SupplierProductImageFromFileInput {
  alt: String!
  category: String
  fileExtension: String!
  fileName: String!
  position: Float
  supplierId: ID!
  supplierProductId: ID!
}
```

### Fields

#### `alt` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `category` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `fileExtension` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `fileName` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `position` ([`Float`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/float))

Used to determine what order the content comes out in.
You can place any number here, including non-integers and negatives, and it does not have to be unique or sequential.

#### `supplierId` ([`ID`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

#### `supplierProductId` ([`ID`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

Commit message:

Updated everything, including API schemas

docs/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/inputs/supplier-product-image-from-file-input.mdx, after:

---
id: supplier-product-image-from-file-input
title: SupplierProductImageFromFileInput
---


Input object for creating an Image SupplierProductContentItem from a File on a device


```graphql
type SupplierProductImageFromFileInput {
  alt: String!
  category: String
  fileExtension: String!
  fileName: String!
  position: Int
  supplierId: ID!
  supplierProductId: ID!
}
```


### Fields

#### `alt` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))




#### `category` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))




#### `fileExtension` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))




#### `fileName` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))




#### `position` ([`Int`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/int))

Used to determine what order the content comes out in.
Positive Integers are allowed, up to 9,999,999,999, and it does not have to be unique or sequential.


#### `supplierId` ([`ID`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))




#### `supplierProductId` ([`ID`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))
