docs/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/inputs/supplier-variant-update-input.mdx, before:

---
id: supplier-variant-update-input
title: SupplierVariantUpdateInput
---

The necessary fields in order to update a supplierVariant.
ID fields are required, all other fields are optional, only included fields will be updated.

```graphql
type SupplierVariantUpdateInput {
  contentItemId: ID
  externalVariantId: String
  inventoryPolicy: SupplierVariantInventoryPolicy
  inventoryQuantity: Int
  optionValues: [String!]
  supplierVariantId: ID!
}
```

### Fields

#### `contentItemId` ([`ID`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

Associates a contentItem with this variant

#### `externalVariantId` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

#### `inventoryPolicy` ([`SupplierVariantInventoryPolicy`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/enums/supplier-variant-inventory-policy))

#### `inventoryQuantity` ([`Int`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/int))

#### `optionValues` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

An array of the option values that make up this variant.
For example, a product with a color and size option would have two option values,
one for each of the color and size options, i.e. ["Red", "Small"]

Limit 3, and it should match the number of options in the product, but there is no constraint to do so.

#### `supplierVariantId` ([`ID`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

Commit message:

Updated everything, including API schemas

docs/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/inputs/supplier-variant-update-input.mdx, after:

---
id: supplier-variant-update-input
title: SupplierVariantUpdateInput
---


The necessary fields in order to update an existing supplierVariant


```graphql
type SupplierVariantUpdateInput {
  contentItemIds: [ID]
  externalVariantId: String
  inventoryPolicy: SupplierVariantInventoryPolicy
  inventoryQuantity: Int
  optionValues: [String!]
  supplierVariantId: ID!
}
```


### Fields

#### `contentItemIds` ([`ID`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))

Associates contentItems with this variant


#### `externalVariantId` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))




#### `inventoryPolicy` ([`SupplierVariantInventoryPolicy`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/enums/supplier-variant-inventory-policy))




#### `inventoryQuantity` ([`Int`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/int))




#### `optionValues` ([`String`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/string))

An array of the option values that make up this variant.
For example, a product with a color and size option would have two option values,
one for each of the color and size options, i.e. ["Red", "Small"]

Must have 1-3, and it should match the number of options in the product, but there is no validation to do so.

Set this to "No Option" if you don't want to use options for this product and this is the only variant.
See https://docs.buildresonance.com/concepts/products/#no-option-products for more info.


#### `supplierVariantId` ([`ID`](/developers/supplier-apis/supply-api/graphql/reference/scalars/id))
